Mr. Dong, you came just in time
These two unruly people
I'm teaching them a lesson.
Sorry for bringing you unpleasant consumption.
Ah, this is our eternal clubhouse
The highest level of exclusive membership card
With this card, you can spend at will at Yongnian Club
I hope you two will accept it with a smile.
Then I will accept Mr. Dong and the two of them.
Just give them such a precious card as two poor ghosts
Ah.
You're fired.
I am also for the good of the company.
Please always say something nice for me
Dong Zong
A top club like Yongning Club
If even this poor turtle 3 can enter casually
Then that's not insulting us.
A member who spends tens of millions to apply for a card every year?
Mr. Zhang is just exercising his duty
If you're going to turn it on
Then why don't you take my top membership card?
Also log out